- #3  Only superusers shall see the "site" field in the admin. The value a---
------user sets there is already overwritten for non-superusers, but they----
------can still see that field, which will likely lead to confusion.---------

#4    Only superusers may set and change the site setting of a user.

#7    How to handle registration.RegistrationProfile? Do we have to overwrite
      the manager here? The docs say, it provides "a mechanism for
      automatically creating an instance of a site-specific profile
      model". What exactly does that "site-specific profile" mean for us?
      Also, find out if the satchmo admin for it uses an admin.ModelAdmin
      subclass or simply the default (which we currently only use).

#10   Add per-site-skins: https://bitbucket.org/bkroeze/django-site-skins

#12   Multishop products need to get their own categories.
      See #12.

#13   When saving a product in the admin, the MultishopCategories that
      product may be linked to get lost. This happens when those categories
      belong to a different site (which is basically always the case) and the
      user updating the product is not a superuser (which is also the case
      basically always). One solution may be to overwrite the default save
      behaviour in the admin and "magically" add all those categories to the
      list of chosen categories automatically when they were linked to that
      product again.
      See #13.

#14   When adding a Product, all it's ConfigurableProducts that may exist are
      also added automatically to to the virtual shops. To me, that makes
      perfect sense and I'd leave it like that. However, maybe someone does
      not want to have this behaviour?

#15   MultishopProductAdmin#get_form seems to cause problems sometimes. When
      the admin is open with a superuser in Safari and a limited user in
      Firefox, the admin panel on Safari shows the version for limited users
      only. This happens everytime after the site has once been viewed in FF
      with the limited user.